Todo:
- Issue: after AI lands on property, doesn't buy, property goes to auction, human wins bid, human won property alert shows in AI's alert text popup next turn.
- Play vs computer.
- Improve buying houses. (Buy/sell as many houses as desired, then confirm all at once).
- Be able to save a game. (???)


Completed:
x Add group neighbor property to square object.
x Fix/improve bankruptcy unmortgages. Only use one popup. Don't offer unmortgage option if only one player is remaining.
x Make square array (and cell and enlarge ids) zero based!
x Get Out of Jail free card creates bug causing Chance to fail.
x Show owner of properties around the board.
x Update stats to show buildings.
x Add images to the enlarges.
x Add alerts for buying houses.
x Display # of houses left in the bank.
x Create player tokens and move them automatically.
x Enable unmortgages during elimination of player.
x Improve Trade. Add alerts after trade. Don't show a property unless all other properties in its group are unimproved.
x Make stats display properties like in manage.
x Make the popups dragable.
x Update Jail handling. Add alerts and change msgboxes to popups.
x Combine buying and selling property to other players. Call it "trade".
x Fix bug: onkeydown number enforcement blocks backspace, arrow keys, etc.
x Update chance actions. Include alerts.
x Display house and hotels left of #propertycellname.
x Don't let player bid more money then they have.
x Add amount to buy/sell/(un)mortgage buttons.
x Put auction form and stats in popup boxes.
x Don't perform chance or community chest action until chance popup is dismissed.
x Find and set max character limit for player names.
x Resize Chance and Community Chest images on popup alerts.
x Create an event area.
x Tell the user when you get $200 for passing GO.
x Tell where you landed each time you have a turn, even if there is no action for the user.
x Make house and hotels images.
x Make Chance alerts say "Chance:".
x Fix bug: ENTER submits forms, reloading page.
x Change die to images.
x Change the "Next" button to say "End turn".